Fix #3531 Document auto-composition of ZIO Layers using DIStage (#3535)
zio/zio: docs/howto/use_modules_and_layers.md

lazy val hidden: ZLayer[Any, Nothing, Cake] = all
```

And if you do build your dependency graph more explicitly you can be confident that layers used in multiple parts of the dependency graph will only be created once due to memoization and sharing.

# Auto-wiring ZIO Layers

For big enough programs, explicitly sequencing `ZLayer`s
https://izumi.7mind.io/latest/release/doc/distage

> `ModuleDef` is a set of derivation rules - it declares what `ZLayer` should be used to create a given Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ModuleDef` contains a set of derivation rules. It defines relation between a given Service and a `ZLayer` definition for creating it.
```
